so Jack why are we all in this room well
I'm glad you asked miss Shannon some of
my friends have been stolen by Fat Joe
and he has taken them all the way from
Monrovia to Disneyland
what
you've got to be kidding mein is this
why you called us in here and who's Fat
Joe
Fat Joe is a mean bailing and he stole
my friends so that's why me Bradley and
Chris are here to save them but I don't
see them
hmm you're right miss Jen but I'm not
sure what happened to them hey Jack
we just got some chocolate bars from
that bowl over there
that's great Bradley and Chris but we
must go because we still need to get to
Disneyland to save our friends okay jack
but can we take our chocolate bars with
us sure now let's go
I hope my students will be okay oh they
will miss Jen that's why we're going to
Disneyland to rescue them really charlie
really you're always barking at some
things it's just my school staff you
don't need to go crazy on us charlie how
did you know my dog's name miss Jen
because you've been telling me so much
about him and I think charlie is a cute
dog he is a cute dog miss Jen now let's
get going with the second Jack what
about our school staff are they coming
with us yes they are Bradley but there's
no room for them in the wagon don't
worry about that Jack we can just take
our cars and one of the staff can ride
with us
good thinking miss Shannon now let's get
going
okay everybody let's get into our cars
miss Jen mr. Wayne and mr. McGinnis you
will go in my car and as for you mr. B
you can take your car do we all agree on
what to do yes
yes
good then let's go save Jax friends
aren't we any close to Disneyland yet
Jack cause it seems like a long way to
get there no we're still in Monrovia oh
okay
then I guess we'll have to get used to
the long drive to Disneyland are we
heading towards the freeway Jack yes we
are Bradley because that's the way we
take to get to Disneyland
Wow I've never been on the freeway this
dangerous before are you sure we'll be
all right yes we will Chris because it's
the only way to get to Disneyland all
right that seems fair enough
after all it's nice to get some fresh
air yes it is Bradley and with luck we
can get to Disneyland in no time
you